first case:

chance date defending cora thorne, explains a little about how they met, intro to the characters

possible intro to the cleaner? as a detective.

focus is on cora's school life. explaining how she wants to be an attorney but has difficulty with some aspects of socializing and people don't take her seriously.

takes place in a library that cora volunteers at. the librarian is killed. possibly at school? (joke about how many controversies have happened at themis academy) librarian was friends with cora, believed in her dream.

killer tries to fuck with academic things in library (cheating or grades or something), gets caught by librarian, kills her in a panic.

not very planned out. the cracks start slipping very easily.

already have the library map graphic made. two entrances to the office. one only the librarian and cora can open. one behind the library's desk.

main theory is that cora and the librarian were the only two able to enter the office, but the real killer got in through the second door.

why is the second door assumed to be unusuable? maybe it was assumed to be locked at the time.
^ real killer uses second door to enter. librarian enters through the first door and catches them off guard. real killer panics and kills her (manslaughter). panics and leaves. maybe plants evidence onto cora.
 ^ how do doors end up locked? second door can be locked from the inside with knob. killer does this.
 ^ killer could be easily seen climbing over desk to get in/out of office. does something to get people out? maybe some sort of fire alarm? librarian realizes something is up, or otherwise goes back to the library early.
 ^ killer hides in the bookshelves. maybe librarian realizes they left someone behind, sees them in the window, goes back up to help/investigate.
 ^ cora got worried and went in soon after, first to discover body.
 ^ killer planted murder weapon in cora's things that were left in the library.
 ^ how did killer get into office in the first place? maybe cora left her keys with her stuff while evacuating. killer couldn't have known that, so maybe they also had equipment to pick the lock. also left in cora's things to cast suspicion. (contradiction: cora had a key, so why would she need to pick the lock?)

contradictions:
the murder weapon wasn't originally cora's. one person would be missing from the headcount outside (messed up because of the librarian and cora both going in.)


second case:

chance defending someone who says they're guilty. chance initially believes that they're guilty, but that an accomplice was also involved, and goes in trying to prove that. cora wants their defendant to be innocent completely. probably a mix of the two.

devon bontes is the prosecutor, anna trist is the head detective. intro to their characters.

third case:

takes place in a prison of some kind?

culprit is found by chance and cora, but there are still mysteries left. this leads directly into

fourth case:

chance takes the case of the person who he found guilty in the third case, believing there is more to the story.